Update plotly docs (#1557)
kedro-org/kedro: docs/source/tutorial/visualise_pipeline.md

You can view Plotly charts in Kedro-Viz when you use Kedro's plotly datasets.

> There are two types of plotly datasets in Kedro :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two types of Plotly datasets in Kedro, the `plotly.PlotlyDataSet` and `plotly.JSONDataSet`. 
```

> - [plotly.PlotlyDataSet](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet.html#kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet) - To use this dataset you need to configure your plot in the `catalog.yml`. This datasets supports only [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [plotly.PlotlyDataSet](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet.html#kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet) - To use this dataset you need to configure your plot in the `catalog.yml`. This datasets only supports [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express).
```

> - [plotly.PlotlyDataSet](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet.html#kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet) - To use this dataset you need to configure your plot in the `catalog.yml`. This datasets supports only [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express).

Reviewer: I don't think we need to mention this. But there's a point around telling users what they can do with each Plotly version. Perhaps we can add something like, "This datasets supports only [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express) which allows you to create basic charts like scatter plots or bar and pie charts."

> - [plotly.PlotlyDataSet](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet.html#kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet) - To use this dataset you need to configure your plot in the `catalog.yml`. This datasets supports only [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [plotly.PlotlyDataSet](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet.html#kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.PlotlyDataSet) - To use this dataset you need to configure your plot in the `catalog.yml`. This dataset only supports [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express).
```

```

> - [plotly.JSONDataSet](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.JSONDataSet.html#kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.JSONDataSet) - To use this dataset you need to configure your plot in your kedro node. This dataset supports both [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express) and [Plotly Graph Objects](https://plotly.com/python/graph-objects/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### [plotly.JSONDataSet](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.JSONDataSet.html#kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.JSONDataSet)

To use this dataset you need to configure your plot in your Kedro node. This dataset supports [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express) and [Plotly Graph Objects](https://plotly.com/python/graph-objects/).
```

> Below is an example of how to visualise plots using both [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express) and [Plotly Graph Objects](https://plotly.com/python/graph-objects/) on Kedro-Viz using `plotly.JSONDataSet`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below is an example of how to visualise plots using [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express) and [Plotly Graph Objects](https://plotly.com/python/graph-objects/) on Kedro-Viz using the `plotly.JSONDataSet`.
```

```

> - [plotly.JSONDataSet](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.JSONDataSet.html#kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.JSONDataSet) - To use this dataset you need to configure your plot using plotly-express python library in your kedro node. This dataset supports both [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express) and [Plotly Graph Objects](https://plotly.com/python/graph-objects/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [plotly.JSONDataSet](https://kedro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.JSONDataSet.html#kedro.extras.datasets.plotly.JSONDataSet) - To use this dataset you need to configure your plot using the `plotly-express` Python API in your Kedro node. This dataset supports [Plotly Express](https://plotly.com/python/plotly-express) and [Plotly Graph Objects](https://plotly.com/python/graph-objects/).
```

Reviewer: How do users configure Plotly Graph Objects? And do we give them an example?

Author: basically, if you use JsonDataSet you can do as you like, create a chart using PlotlyGraphObjects or PlotlyExpress. There's no configuration required like plotly.PlotlyDataset which uses Plotly Express specifically under the hood
